README.md, before:

[Animative](http://animative.kyd.com.au/) is an animation library
that creates short, semantic presentations within HTML pages, a little
like an interactive GIF.

Have you ever wanted to add a GIF to your post to illustrate a point,
but wanted to include text or annotations? Animative is probably what
you're looking for.

While this uses jQuery, it's not a jQuery plugin since it runs on page
load and unobtrusively converts all animative elements into slideshows
without any custom code or initialisation.

You can use data parameters to specify additional options, and CSS to
style your elements. There's no code involved.

Animative is best utilised if you're at least a little familiar with
CSS.

Usage
=====

1. Make sure you have jQuery on your page.
2. Include Animative on your page (or activate the Wordpress plugin).
3. Create a HTML list with class="animative" and add any number of items.
4. Specify a width and height on your list with style="width:300px;height:300px;" for example.
5. Load your page and see the results.

Animative is best used with a combination of graphics and text, although
you could use either or both.

For examples, check out the [demos & usage](http://animative.kyd.com.au/) page.

Options
=======
You can use the following options on either the .animative element, or
on the child li elements.

To apply an option, specify it as a data- attribute. For example:

    <ul class="animative" data-animation="slide">

interval
--------
The interval between slidse in milliseconds.

Default:

    2000

transition-duration
-------------------
The duration of the transition.

Default:

    100

animation
---------
The type of animation to perform between frames.

Options are:

* fade (default)
* slide (slides down over the previous slide.
* none (No transition, a clean cut over)

Default:

    fade

Commit message:

Updated documentation to include CSS animation section & some links.

README.md, after:

[Animative](http://animative.kyd.com.au/) is an animation library
that creates short, semantic presentations within HTML pages, a little
like an interactive GIF.

Have you ever wanted to add a GIF to your post to illustrate a point,
but wanted to include text or annotations? Animative is probably what
you're looking for.

While this uses jQuery, it's not a jQuery plugin since it runs on page
load and [unobtrusively](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unobtrusive_JavaScript)
converts all animative elements into slideshows without any custom code
or initialisation.

You can use data parameters to specify additional options, and CSS to
style your elements. There's no code involved.

Animative is best utilised if you're at least a little familiar with
CSS.

Usage
=====

1. Make sure you have jQuery on your page.
2. Include Animative on your page (or activate the Wordpress plugin).
3. Create a HTML list with class="animative" and add any number of items.
4. Specify a width and height on your list with style="width:300px;height:300px;" for example.
5. Load your page and see the results.

Animative is best used with a combination of graphics and text, although
you could use either or both.

For examples, check out the [demos & usage](http://animative.kyd.com.au/) page.

Options
=======
You can use the following options on either the .animative element, or
on the child li elements.

To apply an option, specify it as a data- attribute. For example:

    <ul class="animative" data-animation="slide">

interval
--------
The interval between slidse in milliseconds.

Default:

    2000

transition-duration
-------------------
The duration of the transition.

Default:

    100

animation
---------
The type of animation to perform between frames.

Options are:

* fade (default)
* slide (slides down over the previous slide.
* none (No transition, a clean cut over)

Default:

    fade

CSS Animation
=============
It's possible to use CSS animation in conjunction with Animative frames.

Animative uses the following classes:

* animating (Applied to the parent during frame transitions.
* active (Applied to the frame when it is visible, after it finishes animating.)

You can use these classes to trigger
[CSS animations](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/CSS/Tutorials/Using_CSS_animations)
during or after a frame has loaded.
